By entering the contest, each participant/ contestant confirms and agrees to the following terms and conditions:
The candidate must be at least eighteen (18) years old or the age of majority in his/her country of residence (whichever is greater) at the time of his/her initial registration for TCS CodeVita.
The participant/ contestant thereof acknowledges that the solution submitted will be an original work created solely by him/her, and that the solution does not infringe on copyrights, trademarks, moral rights, rights of privacy/publicity or intellectual property rights of any person or entity, and that no other party has any right, title, claim, or interest in the solution.
The application must not contain content where any person/s would be required to undertake actions that is inappropriate, indecent, obscene, violent, hateful, tortuous, defamatory, slanderous; that promotes racism or hatred against any group or individual or that promotes discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age; or that is unlawful, in violation of or contrary to the laws or regulations in the state or province where the application is developed.
The participant/contestant thereof is the sole author of the solution and that it is the team's original work.
The participant/contestant has not licensed or disposed of any rights in the solution that would conflict with any of TCS use (if any).
Participants who have submitted their solution are either the copyright owners of the component parts of that work or are posting the work under license from a copyright owner or otherwise as permitted by law. TCS does not claim ownership rights in your works or other materials posted by you.
For the sole purpose of enabling us to make your solution available through our portal you grant TCS a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce, distribute, re-format, store, prepare derivative works based on, and publicly display your content. You agree not to distribute any part of the portal other than your content in any medium other than as permitted in these Terms and Conditions.
Display or publication of any entry on a TCS website does not indicate the entrant will be selected as a winner. TCS will not be required to pay any additional consideration or seek any additional approval in connection with such use.
By entering this Contest, all entrants agree to release, discharge, and hold harmless TCS from any claims, losses, and damages arising out of their participation in this Contest or any Contest-related activities. TCS assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, or delay in operation or transmission; communications line failure; theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to Contest entries or entry forms; or alteration of entries or entry forms. TCS is not responsible for any problems with or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email entry to be received on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website, human errors of any kind, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage to entrants' or any other persons' computers related to or resulting from participation, uploading or downloading of any materials related to in this Contest.
TCS reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to cancel or terminate the Contest, at any time it deems fit and proper. No claims or representations shall be entertained in this regard.
TCS reserves the right to relax any of these restrictions if permitted by law before the start of the Qualification Round.
All contestants must have access to the Internet, a valid postal address, and a valid email address in order to enter the contest.
TCS reserves the right to verify eligibility and to adjudicate on any dispute at any time. TCS will be the sole authority to decide the winners of the contest and decision of TCS will be final and binding on all the contestants.
At no point of time during the contest should internal stakeholders attempt to influence the events/ flow of the contest by way of guidance, pep up/ technology/ language specific sessions for students in any institute participating for the contest. TAG teams to ensure complete compliance to all guidelines enclosed in this document.
The data submitted by a contestant at the time of registration can be accessed by TCS for market research and analytics, contest promotions and reach, without any disclosure of the contestant's personal data(PII), for example - name, email id, etc. In cases of the contestant ranking among the Top 3, he/she/they consent to TCS's use of PII including Name, Country, Institute Name and photograph and inclusion in the Hall of Fame digital album on the CodeVita site, located at codevita.tcsapps.com.
The contest involves algorithms that allows automated processing of results that leads to the selection of participants post Round 1, Round 2 as per the defined rules of the contest to arrive at the top 25-30 Finalists and then eventually the top 3 winners.
Indemnifications
fully indemnify and hold us (Tata Consultancy Services Limited) harmless for and against all damages, losses, and costs that might be caused by:

Your failure to comply with the terms of the above agreement
Third party claim(s) of their rights and IPR being violated/effected by your article(s) submitted to us.